Let this fool Su Yize feed the poison to Miss Nie first
When everyone is helpless
To show my awesome
In this way, you can completely conquer the head of the Nie family
Including Zhang Xi'er
Zhang Jishi Yan Ruoxue
I'm so smart
I didn't expect Sugard to touch the team. Hmm?
Poison can kill and save.
It's amazing.
When did you do that?
No sweat.
Don't be complacent
That lady is dying
You find her again
I want your life!
Sicong Nie family master
I told you before.
This guy is a jerk.
It's impossible to cure.
Am I right?
Miss Nie is dying
Then you mean I have to find you.
No one knows Zheng Ge Jinling except me
But if I take the spiritual scriptures
Combing the veins of his body
What are you going to do?
How do you know the Spirit Book Sutra?
Xiner
Do you know the Nine Truths Combing Method in Lin Shujing?
Know what's wrong
Fighting poison with poison is the best way to get rid of poison
So so
Use the nine truths in the Lin Shujing
Combing method to sort out his whole body of learning
Then all the toxins can be excreted
As expected of Hill
Just one click
Or Sudet
Brother Nie, don't worry.
Leave it to me